Added config file for "deploy" button. Updated Readme to include button. (#76)
balenalabs/balena-dash: README.md

## Setup and configuration

Use of balenaDash requires that you allocate more memory to the GPU. This is achieved by adding (or editing the existing) the **Device configuration variable** `RESIN_HOST_CONFIG_gpu_mem`, for this project we recommend setting it to `128`.

> Or this project can be deployed to a new balenaCloud application in one click using the button below:

Reviewer: What I am thinking is we can move this above, and after it state that when deploying manually, they need to set the GPU mem to some value.

Author: @sradevski new version pushed. Hopefully this looks OK to everyone.

## Setup and configuration

> Use of balenaDash requires that you allocate more memory to the GPU. This is achieved by adding (or editing the existing) the **Device configuration variable** `RESIN_HOST_CONFIG_gpu_mem`, for this project we recommend setting it to `396`.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should drop this info entirely without replacing it somewhere else (unless it is somewhere else and I can't find it), as it's still critical information required to run the project.

Author: As in, change it to tell the user that the device has had it's GPU memory configuration changed so that this project runs?

Reviewer 2: I'm thinking for the cases where someone doesn't use the button, as I can't imagine everyone will just start using it immediately

> You can deploy this project to your device simply by clicking this button:

Reviewer: I am thinking if we should drop the text completely and just have the button/image, @chrisys what do you think?

Reviewer 2: I don't mind a bit of text as it's a new thing people haven't seen before so happy to be verbose around it until the flow is established. Perhaps word something like the below though?
```suggestion
This project can be deployed to a new balenaCloud application in one click using the button below:
```

Reviewer: Fair enough, in that case let's at least make the button be in a new line so it is left-aligned.
